# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`profile::apache`](#profile--apache): A short summary of the purpose of this class
* [`profile::base_linux`](#profile--base_linux): A short summary of the purpose of this class
* [`profile::base_windows`](#profile--base_windows): A short summary of the purpose of this class
* [`profile::choco_windows`](#profile--choco_windows)
* [`profile::linux_cron`](#profile--linux_cron)
* [`profile::linux_docker`](#profile--linux_docker): manifests/linux_docker.pp
* [`profile::linux_docker_pihole`](#profile--linux_docker_pihole): manifests/pihole.pp
* [`profile::linux_docker_ward`](#profile--linux_docker_ward): manifests/ward.pp
* [`profile::linux_group`](#profile--linux_group): Manages Linux group accounts and settings
* [`profile::linux_motd`](#profile--linux_motd)
* [`profile::linux_nfsclient`](#profile--linux_nfsclient)
* [`profile::linux_nfsserver`](#profile--linux_nfsserver)
* [`profile::linux_nginx`](#profile--linux_nginx)
* [`profile::linux_packages`](#profile--linux_packages)
* [`profile::linux_puppetboard`](#profile--linux_puppetboard)
* [`profile::linux_puppetdb`](#profile--linux_puppetdb)
* [`profile::linux_shell`](#profile--linux_shell): lint:ignore:strict_indent
* [`profile::linux_user`](#profile--linux_user): Manages Linux user accounts and sudo configuration for lab administrators.  This class configures user accounts (bradley, lucas, theo), creat
* [`profile::reg_windows`](#profile--reg_windows)
* [`profile::windows_dc`](#profile--windows_dc)

### Defined types

* [`profile::choco_install`](#profile--choco_install)

## Classes

### <a name="profile--apache"></a>`profile::apache`

A description of what this class does

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile::apache
```

### <a name="profile--base_linux"></a>`profile::base_linux`

A description of what this class does

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile::base_linux
```

### <a name="profile--base_windows"></a>`profile::base_windows`

A description of what this class does

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile::base_windows
```

### <a name="profile--choco_windows"></a>`profile::choco_windows`

The profile::choco_windows class.

### <a name="profile--linux_cron"></a>`profile::linux_cron`

The profile::linux_cron class.

### <a name="profile--linux_docker"></a>`profile::linux_docker`

manifests/linux_docker.pp

### <a name="profile--linux_docker_pihole"></a>`profile::linux_docker_pihole`

manifests/pihole.pp

### <a name="profile--linux_docker_ward"></a>`profile::linux_docker_ward`

manifests/ward.pp

### <a name="profile--linux_group"></a>`profile::linux_group`

Manages Linux group accounts and settings.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile::linux_group` class:

* [`group_list`](#-profile--linux_group--group_list)

##### <a name="-profile--linux_group--group_list"></a>`group_list`

Data type: `Hash`

Hash of group names and their configuration

Default value: `{}`

### <a name="profile--linux_motd"></a>`profile::linux_motd`

The profile::linux_motd class.

### <a name="profile--linux_nfsclient"></a>`profile::linux_nfsclient`

The profile::linux_nfsclient class.

### <a name="profile--linux_nfsserver"></a>`profile::linux_nfsserver`

The profile::linux_nfsserver class.

### <a name="profile--linux_nginx"></a>`profile::linux_nginx`

The profile::linux_nginx class.

### <a name="profile--linux_packages"></a>`profile::linux_packages`

The profile::linux_packages class.

### <a name="profile--linux_puppetboard"></a>`profile::linux_puppetboard`

The profile::linux_puppetboard class.

### <a name="profile--linux_puppetdb"></a>`profile::linux_puppetdb`

The profile::linux_puppetdb class.

### <a name="profile--linux_shell"></a>`profile::linux_shell`

lint:ignore:strict_indent

### <a name="profile--linux_user"></a>`profile::linux_user`

Manages Linux user accounts and sudo configuration for lab administrators.

This class configures user accounts (bradley, lucas, theo), creates the labadmins
group, and sets up sudo privileges for lab administrators.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile::linux_user` class:

* [`user_list`](#-profile--linux_user--user_list)

##### <a name="-profile--linux_user--user_list"></a>`user_list`

Data type: `Hash`

Hash of additional user accounts to create.

Default value: `{}`

### <a name="profile--reg_windows"></a>`profile::reg_windows`

The profile::reg_windows class.

### <a name="profile--windows_dc"></a>`profile::windows_dc`

The profile::windows_dc class.

## Defined types

### <a name="profile--choco_install"></a>`profile::choco_install`

The profile::choco_install class.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile::choco_install` defined type:

* [`version`](#-profile--choco_install--version)
* [`install_options`](#-profile--choco_install--install_options)

##### <a name="-profile--choco_install--version"></a>`version`

Data type: `String`



Default value: `'installed'`

##### <a name="-profile--choco_install--install_options"></a>`install_options`

Data type: `Optional[Array[String]]`



Default value: `undef`

